com/example/recycleit/Location.java
 com.example.recycleit.Location
 com.example.recycleit.Location$1
com/example/recycleit/Locationfrag.java
 com.example.recycleit.Locationfrag
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityPhoneAuthBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityPhoneAuthBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityRegisterDateBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityRegisterDateBinding
com/example/recycleit/Main_page.java
 com.example.recycleit.Main_page
com/example/recycleit/PlaceOrder.java
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder$1
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder$2
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder$3
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder$4
 com.example.recycleit.PlaceOrder$4$1
com/example/recycleit/Previousorders.java
 com.example.recycleit.Previousorders
 com.example.recycleit.Previousorders$1
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivitySuccessfulOrderBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivitySuccessfulOrderBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityPreviousrdersBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityPreviousrdersBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ContentCustomerPageBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ContentCustomerPageBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityDisplayOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityDisplayOrdersBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityLocationfragBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityLocationfragBinding
com/example/recycleit/Phone_Auth.java
 com.example.recycleit.Phone_Auth
 com.example.recycleit.Phone_Auth$1
 com.example.recycleit.Phone_Auth$2
com/example/recycleit/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/recycleit/CompanyPage.java
 com.example.recycleit.CompanyPage
 com.example.recycleit.CompanyPage$1
 com.example.recycleit.CompanyPage$2
com/example/recycleit/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.recycleit.BuildConfig
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityLocationBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityLocationBinding
com/example/recycleit/CourseRVAdapter.java
 com.example.recycleit.CourseRVAdapter
 com.example.recycleit.CourseRVAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/recycleit/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.recycleit.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/recycleit/DisplayOrders.java
 com.example.recycleit.DisplayOrders
 com.example.recycleit.DisplayOrders$1
com/example/recycleit/SuccessfulOrder.java
 com.example.recycleit.SuccessfulOrder
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityCustomerPageBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityCustomerPageBinding
com/example/recycleit/Login_page.java
 com.example.recycleit.Login_page
 com.example.recycleit.Login_page$1
 com.example.recycleit.Login_page$2
com/example/recycleit/databinding/RowBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.RowBinding
com/example/recycleit/MainActivity.java
 com.example.recycleit.MainActivity
 com.example.recycleit.MainActivity$1
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityMainPageBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityDateofCollBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityDateofCollBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityPlaceOrderBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityPlaceOrderBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/recycleit/MyModel.java
 com.example.recycleit.MyModel
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityCompanyPageBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityCompanyPageBinding
com/example/recycleit/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.recycleit.MyAdapter
 com.example.recycleit.MyAdapter$1
 com.example.recycleit.MyAdapter$HoldView
com/example/recycleit/databinding/CourseItemBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.CourseItemBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/recycleit/databinding/ActivityLoginPageBinding.java
 com.example.recycleit.databinding.ActivityLoginPageBinding
com/example/recycleit/RegisterDate.java
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate$1
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate$2
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate$3
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate$4
 com.example.recycleit.RegisterDate$5
com/example/recycleit/Courses.java
 com.example.recycleit.Courses
com/example/recycleit/DateofColl.java
 com.example.recycleit.DateofColl
 com.example.recycleit.DateofColl$1
 com.example.recycleit.DateofColl$2
com/example/recycleit/Customer_page.java
 com.example.recycleit.Customer_page
